Adding CONTRIBUTING.md

This was uploaded via automation. (#280)
samvera/hydra-pcdm: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Reporting Issues

* Make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free)

> * Submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/samvera/{{library}}/issues/) by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Submit a [Github issue](https://github.com/samvera/hydra-pcdm/issues/) by:
```
